Update Service Architecture and Move API Documentation (#373)
mozilla-services/merino-py: docs/intro.md

            rsb(remote settings)
            accuweather(accuweather)
            elastic(elastic)
            toppicks_back(top picks)
            dynamic_amo(dynamic addons)

        end

        adm --> rsb
        amo --> dynamic_amo
        toppicks --> toppicks_back
        weather --> accuweather
        wikipedia --> elastic
    end

    subgraph "Airflow (Merino Jobs)"
        wikipedia_sync(Wikipedia Sync)
        toppicks_sync(Top Picks Sync)
        addons_sync(Addons Remote Settings Upload)
    end

    addons_api(Addons API)
    dynamic_amo --> addons_api

    elastico[(Elasticsearch)]
    elastic --> elastico
    wikipedia_sync ..- |Syncs Wikipedia entries weekly| elastico

    accuweather_api(Accuweather API)
    accuweather ..-> accuweather_api

    redis[(Redis Cache)]
    accuweather ..-> |tries to query cache first| redis

    kinto[(Remote Settings)]
    rsb --- kinto
    addons_sync ..- |Add Addons Suggestions to Remote Settings| kinto

>     toppicks_data[(GCS Top Picks Data,<br/>metadata and icons to be <br/>displayed on browser)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    toppicks_data[(GCS Top Picks Data,<br/>a list of Mozilla curated popular sites and metadata to be <br/>displayed on browser)]
```
